Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
And Diana, we're so blessed to have you all come on here and pray with us today.
We're going to go over some things that the Lord showed me yesterday in prayer.
And boy, was that a time of prayer.
There are so many prophetic words coming to pass so quickly, and the Lord is downloading new things to the point where last night, whenever it was over, I told Braden, I said, 'I was tired and I had to take a break.
' I told him, I said, 'This is amazing what the Lord is showing us.
' And so, I want to go over some of those things with y'all.
But if you see what was said about the passing of the crypto today, two or three major crypto bills were passed today.
And it was just like the Lord said, and even when He said, 'I'm warning you, it's about privacy.
' And people go and people say, 'Brandon, you know, they're able to spy on us anyway.
' No, I'm talking about how they're able to reach into your cookie jar and take your cookies.
I'm talking about them being able to push the button on your crypto account and completely lock you up, without hardly any notice.
Boop.
'Sorry, you don't have access to your funds.
' What happened?
No control.
Setting up constitutional rights around crypto, but what it's doing is it's bringing forth the beast system where you will not buy, sell, or trade without the mark of the beast.
Do most of you understand what I'm saying?
You will not buy, sell, or trade without the mark of the beast.
What is digital currency?
What is crypto?
It's all being set up for the end of the end, for the beast system.
Revelation is unfolding right in front of your face, and many people do not see it.
And I said, 'As we are distracted, watch this hand.
' He said, 'Watch this hand.
All this stuff's going on—the Epstein list, war, war, war.
But what's happening over here with this hand?
' And the Lord said, 'Pay attention to this.
For in the night, in the middle of the night, they're making laws; they're doing these things.
' Taylor Greene came on the show with the other guy that was part of Trump's people and said at night this stuff was done.
I'm very confused about news, the Genius Act.
I thought there was a deal made to make sure that included was going to be the central bank digital currency, that there'd be no possibility of a backdoor to get that.
So where are we?
Steve, let me explain something.
In 1971, we went off of the gold standard.
The Federal Reserve did that, and we went to a cash society.
The value of the dollar has drastically gone down; the buying power is less than 10 cents now from where it was in the 1950s before we went off the gold reserve.
What's happening today on July 17th, 2025, when no one is paying attention, no one's talking about it.
Everyone is in blind rage about the Epstein files, and I don't blame them.
However, right now, what is being voted on today in Congress is the entire setup, groundwork, and entire infrastructure being laid to move from cash to digital currency.
And the number one thing that is not happening today is a ban on a central bank digital currency.
This means the ability for the government to take control of your digital bank account where all your money is and turn it off.
And this is why I'm so upset, and it's not being talked about.
Steve, I was the only no vote on the rule last night, and Congress set a record last night, and no one's talking about that either.
This was the longest vote held open for a rule in history, and it finally shut down sometime around midnight because there was a deal made, and the deal will not be honored.
It was a deal that Speaker Johnson made, and he said that he would put a ban on central bank digital currency in the NDAA.
But let me tell you something: that's going to get stripped out in the Senate, because what they told us all week long is the Senate does not have the votes to pass a ban on a central bank digital currency.
So I want to lay this out straight for you all.
You never thought in your lifetime that the government would shut you down, would close your churches, would close your schools, would close your businesses, and that happened only a few years ago.
But what is happening today is the groundwork is being laid.
It's all in the name of cryptocurrency and stablecoin, but it is the entire regulatory process to switch us from cash to a cashless society, to digital currency that can be controlled by the federal government.
And there will be no ban on a central bank digital currency.
There will be no way to protect your ability to fully control your digital currency in the future.
And I'm voting no to this today.
I don't know if there will be any other no votes on the Republican side, but I'm voting no to this because I'm a Christian, and I've read the Bible, and I believe what Revelation 13:17 says, and I just cannot vote for a future system that will do that.
She was furious because it was such a majority vote for the crypto, because I told you, and she said it's them being able to reach in your cookie jar.
It's them being able to push the button and stop things.
Folks, if you don't do what they want you to do in the days ahead—which is get the mark of the beast, get into the beast system—they're going to be able to cut your finances off, and you won't be able to buy, sell, or trade.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
We're going eventually to a cashless society, just like the Bible told us.
We'll have a mark on our forehead or in our hand, and that's how you buy, sell, or trade.
Now, do I believe we're going to go through that as a body?
No.
We are not appointed under wrath.
I will continue to say that: we are not appointed under wrath.
God is not a wife-beater.
And He's not up there saying, 'Well, you know what, Brandon?
You have all power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt you, but you don't have any power over the Antichrist and the demonic forces of him.
I'm taking that power and authority away.
' So, just letting you know, the Antichrist is coming by and he's going to chop your head off.
And all of this 'hide your kids, hide your wife, hide your relatives because the Antichrist, the boogeyman, is coming to get you'—that's not what He's doing.
He's going to take us out before, and we're not going to have to hide our kids, hide our wife, hide our dogs, our cats, our cousins, and get all up in a fraidy-hole because the Antichrist and his boogeyman are coming to get you.
And I'm telling you, the body of Christ is going to walk victorious in these last days.
And He said to me He's not appointed us under wrath.
He's talked to me.
There is a remnant.
Now, are you a part of it?
That's what you have to ask yourself.
Are you one of the virgins?
He said there are ten virgins: there are five of them that don't have their lamps full, and five that were anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, the bridegroom.
And they were going, 'We're excited!
Our lamps are full, and we're looking because His redemption is drawing nigh.
' And every one of them was so excited, the five of them.
But the others were like, 'Uh-oh, our lamps are empty, and we're lukewarm.
We're not excited.
We're riding the fence, we're in bed with the world, trying to be with the Lord.
I have one foot in the world, one foot in the church.
' And those are the ones I'm talking about.
Many of you...
and I believe half the church will be left.
Half the church will be left.
I believe with all my heart that a lot of them will be taken—the ones that are on fire—and the ones that are lukewarm and are not looking for His return, and your head's in the sand, you're in trouble.
And I'm telling you, it goes by the parable of the virgins.
And so, are you part of the remnant that has their lamps full of oil?
Are you excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Are you looking for him?
He's standing underneath the chuppah.
He's standing underneath that canopy, he said, right now, and he's waiting.
And the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, I'm waiting on you to bring in the harvest of souls and do what I've called you to do with all you've got, and I'm coming to get you.
" But I'm not coming back for a church that's not on fire, that's lukewarm, trying to have an escape mentality—all busted and disgusted.
Oh no, "the sky is falling.
" The sky is not falling, Chicken Little.
Jesus is coming, but he's coming back for a glorious church.
And are you ready for him?
And so, this is part of what the Lord had for you today.
But I want you to think about some of the words that he gave us about crypto.
A foundation was being laid.
When I went to go see Billy Burke in February, and the Lord spoke to us and he said, "I'm laying a foundation right now behind closed doors.
" And this will come out in the days ahead.
As you're driving down the road going to Cape Canaveral, Brandon, there's laws being set into motion.
There's bills being written right now in the middle of the night, and it will happen.
And he said, then he talked to me about the falling of the stars, falling of things, and being back like the Wild Wild West coming into play to a stable society.
And he said, "Five pillars will come about out of this.
Five major pillars.
" And President Trump announced those five pillars.
And I saw others would link up beside them and become friends to those five pillars.
And every single one of those things has happened like the Lord told you all it would.
It's all being done.
And then today, the 17th, a major, major three bills were pushed through.
I don't know if they're all good.
I don't know what was in those, but I'm telling you all, they're setting up the system.
And in the days ahead, it'll be wire-to-wire transfers.
You got to look at the functionality of each one of these cryptos and what these, because he told me certain cryptos overnight will double, they'll triple.
And then he said, "I saw some of them go to $5 quickly, some of them go to $10," and he said some of the targets of where they wanted to have this one was 150 bucks.
And I saw the men talking.
He said 100.
I saw the number 150, and I tried to be as, I can't, I'm not here to give financial advice, but because I'm not telling you which one it is.
I'm not telling you.
But I saw certain ones doing it.
Now, you pray about it and see what the Lord tells you.
But we pray for judges.
We pray for these things because the Lord says as we see these basically settlements and things happening, the hose will become unkinked.
The hose will become unkinked and there will be a waterfall coming in the fall.
September will be a time to remember.
He said great change is coming in September, and it will go into the fall, and in the fall, it's time to rest it all.
It'll be a time of rest and celebration coming.
Now, it will be different for everybody.
I'm not saying everybody's going to have rest and peace and joy and whatever, you know what the Lord's showing me, because did you prepare yourself for that?
Did you listen to the Holy Spirit when I refer to this woman that the Lord showed me, and I talked about before, that if you're not here taking heed to what the Holy Spirit's telling you to do, some folks don't, you miss out on the boat.
Not everybody's going to get on the boat.
You have to be hearing God for yourself of what the boat is for you, because the boat might be something totally different.
But either way, we know the boat's in motion.
And we know that Jesus Christ is coming and he's preparing a way for his bride to have enough finances to get this gospel out.
This is the rocket fuel to the rocket.
Are you listening to me, son?
For this will be one of the greatest missed opportunities if you don't listen to me.
This boat, once it sets sail, son...
He told me I was doing the dishes.
And he said, "If you miss this opportunity, you'll not have another opportunity like this ever again.
For once it hits a certain number, it will never go back down to what it was again.
This will be a point of no return.
And from that time on, this will be the standard, like it was back at 40 cents, and this becomes a standard, and it doesn't go back very far.
You may find about, you know, four, five, ten cents, maybe even thirty, but nothing to where it was, and it goes for milestones, and there'll be progression, and there's a pause, and progression, pause, progress, but then never goes back to where it was at the beginning.
And the Lord told me, he said, "This would be one of the greatest missed opportunities many will ever see, for a new industrial revolution is upon you.
" Like it was when the internet first started.
There was so much missed opportunity when the internet first started.
People became billionaires back whenever they first started the internet.
And this is a new industrial revolution, bigger, like with electricity.
This is bigger than the internet.
AI will change the world forever.
What did the Lord show us yesterday?
I saw fall come and I saw Black Friday, and it was highlighted to me, and the Lord told me, "inflated numbers, inflated numbers.
" And all of a sudden, I saw Donald Trump with orange-looking skin, with yellow around his mouth, yellow around his eyes, and he had yellow hair.
He had a blue suit on, white shirt with a red tie like he always wears.
And he was so excited.
He had a sign in his hand, and it was in black letters.
It said "TAXES.
" And it was all in bold font.
It was all in capital letters: "TAXES", and there was an arrow pointing down with percentage rates on this sign.
And he was so excited showing the American people this sign.
And he, all of a sudden, started to walk a pig.
And the pig had red lipstick on, blue blush, blue eye shadow, and a brown-looking braided collar that was being walked by President Trump.
And President Trump was parading this pig all over the place, up and down the streets in this vision.
He was so excited to parade this pig, but the pig was still a pig, even with the lipstick on and all the makeup.
And I saw a white picket fence.
I saw the American Dream as I saw houses that looked like Monopoly houses that were floating in the air up above him.
And every single one of the houses was transparent.
There was really no foundation to them.
There was no foundation to the housing market.
It wasn't on the ground; it was floating in the air, and it was transparent.
As I was looking through it, it was very, it wasn't firm.
I saw a green stock arrow that was going above the housing market that went like this, and it was going, you know, like it was moving up like a ticker that was moving up above the housing market as he's walking this pig around, leading it around with a rope.
So, I saw a golden landscape in another vision of this, and to many people, it looked like corn on the cob.
The way it was all perfectly these squares that were back-to-back all looked like pieces of kernels of corn, and there were hills of them, all on these hills.
And I saw this corn on the cob, but it looked like corn on the cob—it was gold nuggets, looking like gold little bricks.
And upon that was a scarecrow.
And the scarecrow was dressed in solid black.
He had straw coming out of his arms.
I saw it.
And he was jumping on the golden corn cobs.
These corn kernels.
And he was clicking his heels in the air like whoopee.
And he was clicking his feet in the air.
But when he did that, he fell forward, and his black hat fell off, and he had no brain.
His head was hollow.
It was full of straw, but there was nothing of substance in his hat.
And it was a black hat.
And I know it was a representation of something because the Lord was showing me, "Watch the scarecrow.
There's a scarecrow upon this gold.
There's a scarecrow upon all this.
" As I saw President Trump walking around with his pig, and as I saw President Trump doing this, the Lord showed me Elon Musk.
And Elon Musk was sitting upon a Tesla.
And there was great pressure upon Tesla.
He was sitting on the roof of it, and he was a lot larger in this vision.
And as he was riding on the Tesla, the wheels began to spark, and the rubber on the road from the pressure of the car and how heavy everything was started to crush it.
The wheels started burning out, and it had no traction, and he was losing control in this car as he was sitting on the Tesla.
He was sweating profusely, and he looked like he was about ready to have a nervous breakdown on this Tesla.
And he was looking around, and I could see him, but on his hat, he had "American Party.
" The American Party.
It was a black hat with white letters.
He had a black shirt on.
Kind of like his hat was now MAGA, not a MAGA hat.
You know how it was a dark MAGA?
It was "American Party" on his hat, and he was sitting on this Tesla, and the Lord said it would be short-lived.
And I said, "Oh, his life.
" And the Lord said, "No, I'm not speaking of his life.
I'm speaking of the party and Tesla.
" It was under great stress.
And he was talking about the American party.
This new party would be short-lived.
It was under great stress, and he was perplexed about what he was going to do.
I could see him.
So I saw New York, and I saw a mass migration of people leaving New York because of the decisions that are about to be made there.
I saw people leaving the East Coast by the hundreds of thousands because of the oppression that's about to set in on the East Coast for some folks.
And they were leaving all these areas, and they were leaving up north from Ohio and Pennsylvania and all that, and they were moving toward the south trying to leave those areas.
And I saw, which I thought was interesting, massive stone walls in Texas on the borders on the east and on the west.
They didn't want the people coming to Texas.
They didn't want them coming from all these areas.
But I saw they looked like granite.
It was marbled.
It was beautiful.
These stone walls were protecting Texas, but the top of it where it was connected to Oklahoma didn't have one of those walls.
But I saw walls being formed from the east and the west concerning Texas.
And the Lord showed me Gavin.
And the Lord said, "I'm dealing with Gavin.
I'm going to deal with Gavin.
" And the Lord spoke to me about Gavin.
And then I saw Epstein.
And I saw great corruption concerning the Epstein files.
But the Lord spoke to me, and he said, "The reason they will not show you everything is because of blackmail.
There's much blackmail when it comes to this.
" And when he said that to me, I saw Asian men, European men, women, and people that were being blackmailed by being on the list.
"If you do, you do what we tell you to do.
Politicians, you do what we tell you to do, or we'll expose you and embarrass you.
" I saw certain men, as I saw a bald-headed man who had a heavy belly, and he had a white shirt on with a tie and black slacks.
And I heard the Lord say, "Dead men tell no tales.
" Which is referring to that pirate movie as well.
We looked it up: "Dead men tell no tales.
" And I thought, that's interesting.
I saw this white man with this bald head sweating profusely.
And I thought, what is that all about?
But he looked like an average businessman.
Then I saw a boat.
As I heard "Dead Men Tell No Tales," I saw a pirate ship.
And upon this pirate ship, there were rats all over the boat.
And as a spotlight was shining down on this boat, it was moving around trying to expose the rats that were on the ship.
And as it moved, the rats would scurry around trying to hide themselves from this mass of light that was being shined all around on the boat's deck.
And I could see the boat, and there was a storm in the distance.
It was completely dark outside.
But these rats were running around on the deck of this boat as fast as they could, trying to escape the light that was being shined on the deck.
And I could see there were three different lights, and the lights were moving around, and they looked like spotlights at a prison.
And they were shining.
They were moving, but they were looking for the rats.
But the rats were hiding in the background.
And I could see the rats, and it was related to the Epstein files.
And the Lord said there's a great cover-up.
There's great darkness that is being hidden concerning this, for it is blackmail.
They will not show you everything, and it's on purpose.
There's great darkness here, and it's on purpose.
Leverage.
He used the word "leverage.
" There's great leverage here that they don't want to lose.
If they lose the leverage, they lose the status quo.
They cannot lose the leverage, for you will not see what's on these lists on purpose.
Blackmail and leverage and losing the status quo, because the rats don't want to be exposed, and they want to use that to their advantage.
It's the manipulation of governments.
It's the manipulation of marriages.
It's the manipulation of wealth.
It's very dark, what the Lord showed me.
You would be shocked at the men and women that are on this list.
I've warned you about politicians that are very dark in America.
There are politicians that are very dark.
Celebrities.
It's not just about politicians.
It's about celebrities, people with influence and a lot of money, that have a lot of perversion, that have sexual issues.
And the Lord showed me, "This is not you.
You're looking at heads of state and politician brands.
This is a lot bigger than that.
This is more than what you realize.
" Hollywood celebrities.
I'm talking major stars, major basketball players.
You would be shocked and in awe at some of these people.
And the Lord told me, "They don't want to lose the status quo.
Now, if they reveal some of it, they'll never reveal all of it, just to appease the people, to get them to shut up because it's caused such a ruckus.
How do we get them to deflate this thing and get them to be on our side again because we're losing control of the boat?
How do we get them to say, 'Okay, I'm satisfied'?
You exposed a couple of people, and they were sacrificial pawns.
" Well, you know, we can afford to lose them, but we cannot afford to lose this, and it's darker than what you realize.
And the Lord showed me.
So, that was another thing the Lord showed us yesterday.
I kept seeing another distraction coming.
And the Lord showed me Trump again with his orange face and his yellow lips and stuff.
And he kept saying, "China.
" I could hear him saying "China.
" And he was talking about how we're going to pass legislation with the House and the Senate to stop China from having land in America.
No foreign power will own land and farmland in America.
And I saw great big tractors, massive John Deere tractors, that were riding upon the land that had tilled the soil but refused to plant the soil.
And I saw a manipulation of farmland.
But I saw China written across Kansas.
I saw it in Missouri.
I saw China.
And I saw a black star that was surrounded like a capital in an area.
And it was like a landmark like that.
But they were fighting them in legislation with the House and the Senate in the days ahead, taking away China's and other foreign countries' rights to own farmland and any other kind of agriculture or whatever in our country, saying, 'We're not going to have it,' and they had to forfeit their rights.
And I don't know what happened with that, but I can assume it's going to make some people mad.
But, you know, it is what it is.
I saw it, and then I saw a wave.
I have to take this back to when I prophesied—this is when I saw the housing market, and this was around January.
I saw the housing market going, but I saw a wave, and this massive wave was at a breaking point.
But it was a shallow wave because the colors were not deep blue; it was light, like this water, so I knew the water was shallow.
But there were $100 bills and there was gold.
I saw a dollar sign.
I saw cryptocurrency.
I saw all these different kinds of wealth inside of this wave.
And the Lord said, 'It's time to ride the wave, for it will not last very long.
You must ride this wave because the wave won't last very long and then it's over.
' But there is a wave, and I saw it going into 2026.
He said, 'This is the window; I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
' Tax breaks, interest rates will go down eventually.
You're going to see what Jerome Powell is asking for.
I don't know if Jerome Powell will be removed or whatever, but eventually interest rates will be lowered.
A great economic boom because of these things will be artificial.
The Lord said, 'It's a pig with lipstick.
It's a wave that will not last forever.
Ride the wave and get all you can out of it.
' And I saw the wave with $100 bills and all this money was in this wave, but the wave came down and it was done.
It was a warning.
It was a very strong warning telling us of where we are right now.
It was a glimpse as we see these things.
It was very cartoonish.
It was interesting the way it all was because I told Braden, I said it kind of looked like Simpsons characters or some kind of cartoon, the way the Lord was painting all of it, and I was seeing it and it was something that I won't forget.
And then when He talks to me in colors and things like that, I remember them forever.
As I'm telling you this, I can tell you the details very clearly.
The signs of the times—but as I was praying and I was interceding for these things, it was on the Father's heart to warn you.
We have a window.
And He's bringing this window for His people to fund the gospel for this last outpouring.
But you're going to have to stay close to His heart because He said, 'As you see these foundations and these things pass so quickly, so unanimously—I don't know about the Senate, but I saw the House and it happened, and this lady was not happy about it because of what was being pushed, and nobody, like I said, in the still of the night.
' What is happening so quickly as we're watching Epstein and war over here?
There's something happening.
It's called the beast system.
And most people don't see that the beast system is coming into play, and everything, your rights and your freedoms for CBDCs and all these things, is all happening, and a new industrial revolution—all this, folks, is part of the beast system, and most people are looking at Epstein.
We're looking at Ukraine.
We're looking at Israel bomb Damascus, and all that's biblical.
But this is really biblical, folks, because we've been doing this for hundreds of years—dollar-backed standard, gold standard, all these things.
And now we're coming to a beast standard, and most people don't see it.
Are we months away, weeks away, years away?
I don't know.
This is where I'm at with it.
The Lord said to me—if you go back to the vision, was it about a month ago?
—He said to me, 'They will push away the money because they'll be afraid to touch it because of the virus.
' I saw a blue currency in Europe, which was the euro.
And the Lord said they'll be—remember I said the virus will start from China and Europe first.
I saw them scared to touch paper money again because the virus was transferring.
You know, money's dirty.
It's one of the dirtiest.
It's worse than a toilet stool.
Yeah, money is worse than a toilet stool because it's filthy.
It's never washed.
So, they scare everybody with this new virus that's coming.
'We don't want to touch the virus on the money.
We don't want to touch that money.
Don't touch no $100 bills.
' Folks, money is bad.
Well, what do you have to have?
Got to have a digital currency.
'But how do we access that?
' 'Well, you know, there's a chip.
We can have a bracelet at first or your phone.
' Remember I told you they're going to say it's your phone?
You've got your phone here, and your phone will be used.
Remember I told you all it would go by the phone, and it will start to go from your phone to something else?
And eventually they're going to take it, and it will be in your hand or your forehead, and everybody's going to accept it and go, 'Well, it's just part of it.
They're protecting us.
' You know, you don't want that virus anyway; it killed a lot of folks.
But you have to desensitize.
As I told you, as people are in a pot, they'll be like in a pot and the water's rising and the temperature's rising, you don't even know you're being cooked.
Because just like a frog in a pot, the more it becomes familiar with the water temperature, the more it doesn't realize it's getting ready to boil, and then it's eventually cooked alive.
It's time for folks to realize how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I say all this to tell you I have such an urgency.
I'm not here to scare you; I'm here to prepare you.
I'm here to sound the alarm.
I'm here to warn you in the middle of the midnight hour, like Paul Revere riding from city to city, telling you not 'the British are coming,' but 'Jesus is coming.
' Are you prepared for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Is your heart ready for what's about to happen?
It's not time to get all afraid and say the sky is falling.
No, it's not.
The sky is not falling.
It's what the Bible told us would happen.
And it's time for you to accept salvation in Jesus today.
You need to know that there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Do you know that Jesus Christ loves you and He has a plan for your life?
I want to lead you in the sinner's prayer today.
And I need you to know that this may be your last opportunity.
There is no one that's promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
Are you prepared for that moment?
If today is your day and you die, are you prepared today if this is your last chance to accept Jesus Christ?
And you say, 'Well, I believe I might have more time.
I'm going to go sow my wild oats, and we're going to have some parties, and we're going to have fun.
I don't need Jesus today.
' But what if today is your last day?
'Well, you're freaking me out.
' This should freak you out.
This should scare the heck out of you, because if you don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you don't have anything.
'Well, I've got a million dollars...
' You don't have nothing.
You're not taking it with you.
All you can be assured of today is that, 'I have Jesus.
And if I die, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
' So I want to lead you in that prayer right now.
All you have to do is say this simple prayer, with the heart confession made unto salvation.
And I want you to say this prayer and say it with all your heart, because I need you to know that Jesus Christ loves you and He gave His life for you.
He rose again on the third day and He is sitting with the Father.
He's sitting up there right now, praying for you right now at this moment, saying, "Would you come home?
" There's one last call.
So say this prayer with me right now.
Say, "Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I believe that You are the Lord of all the earth, the Lord of all the universe.
Forgive me, Lord.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I'll serve You today and forevermore.
I turn my back on the world and all the devils of hell.
I'm sold out to You, Lord, from this day forward.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm cleansed and clean.
" That's it.
It's very simple, but it's from the heart.
And I believe as you said that prayer today, you have a new start.
"Behold, I make all things new.
" That's what He said He'd do for you.
Your past is now your past, under the blood, and He doesn't remember it anymore.
As you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
So, I'm excited you're part of our family.
Now, what do I do now, Brother Brandon?
Well, you find a Bible-believing church that will teach you the Word of God.
Tell that pastor in that church, "I just got born again watching a YouTube broadcast, and I need to get water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
Volunteer at the church.
Plug into the church.
Do everything you can to learn about the Christian walk.
Read your Bible, pray every single day.
Get you a Bible, read it, and pray every day.
Do everything you can to do what a Christian would do.
Come and watch us on this channel.
I would go find a Billy Burke meeting and maybe go find Billy Burke.
I'd go watch Billy Burke.
You know that he's a friend.
And I'm going to tell you, if I'm a baby Christian, I would go to a Billy Burke meeting.
I'm an adult Christian, and I want to go to a Billy Burke meeting.
So I would say go to a Billy Burke meeting.
That's what I would do to any Christian—yes, to any Christian.
Go to a Billy Burke service.
Find one.
If he's coming near your area, go to one and get charged up and get excited, because I'm telling you, there's life-giving word being said there.
Truly.
And so I encourage you to go and support him.
So that's the kind of stuff I'm talking about—just the Christian walk, finding a Bible, reading, and going to services like that to get you charged up.
We're not perfect, folks.
We'll fall down and skin our knees, but we don't stay there.
And when the devil comes to remind you of your past, you remind him of his future.
And you say, "Guess what, sucker?
You're going to burn in hell forever.
Yeah, you try to remind me of my past, and I've messed up.
" Yeah, all have sinned and come short of the glory.
You just tell him.
The Bible says all have sinned.
All of us have and come short of the glory.
But I'm a new creation created in Christ Jesus today.
And all my past is forgiven, but yours isn't.
And you're going to burn in hell, and there's an eternity for you to burn there.
And it's coming quick.
He doesn't like to hear that.
So I just want to encourage you.
If you fall down and you skin your knee, what do you do?
You get back up and brush off.
We don't camp there and say, "Well, it's okay.
I'm going to be a sinner, and I'm going to keep living there.
" No, you try.
Keep going from glory to glory and run to Jesus.
When you fall, you don't run from God.
When you sin, you run to God.
And people need to know that the moment you confessed your sins is not when He found out about it.
That's when you got rid of it.
So He's not going, "Well, that's a shocker, Jesus.
Did you know they messed up today?
" He already knew that.
The moment you confessed it is when you got rid of it.
And He's up there with His arms wide open saying, "I've got you.
I love you.
You're going to make it.
I'm your friend.
" Now, if you can't afford a Bible, you say, "Brandon, I am living paycheck to paycheck.
I don't have a way to get a Bible.
" Diana and I will buy a Bible for you.
We'll send it to you from Amazon for free.
Yes, and so all you have to do is do what she says.
Just find our email address in the description below, and then in the subject line or title when you write the email, just say, "I can't afford a Bible," and then put your address on there.
We'll send the Bible from Amazon to you using the address you give us, and then we'll just use it that one time to send you a Bible and you'll never hear from us again.
We don't spam people or send junk mail or anything.
We're not trying to bother you.
No, we're just trying to rejoice with you.
Yes, this is a celebration, folks.
You don't realize what you just averted.
And we've been there where we lived paycheck to paycheck and we couldn't buy a Bible.
We want to help you.
We get it.
And it's not a shame thing; it's a rejoicing thing.
We're excited for you.
Yes, and so if you could tell us in the comments down below, "I just gave my heart to Jesus today," we want to rejoice with you in the comment section.
Let the family here rejoice with you that you gave your heart to Jesus today.
It's a celebration.
I'm telling you, if one comes to the Lord, the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
But I believe there are hundreds of you today who gave your heart and made this decision.
Yes, and they're up there having a big old party, going, "Yay!
" It's exciting.
All right, so take communion with us.
We're going to take communion as a family.
We do it every video—we try to, at least.
And I want to lift up the body, so we're going to take communion right now as a family.
And we're excited because we're going to go right into prayer and see what the Lord has for us.
I want to encourage you all to stick around for prayer.
Now, there's a lot of people who don't want to, but I want to tell you, that's where the nuggets are.
That's where God comes and visits.
Yes, and that's what we're excited about every single time.
I want to get through the first part of it so quickly because I want to see the last half.
I do the highlights for you all because there are so many people who don't stick through the prayer, and I want you to know what's coming.
So I rehearse it at the beginning for like 20 minutes.
I'm like, "Oh my goodness, this is redundant.
" But I do it for you because I'm excited to see if He shows us something new.
I'm like, "Who cares?
I already know about this.
If you would have stuck around, you would have found out about it, too.
" But here you go.
Hopefully, it's a recap.
Yes, it's a recap, and not the first time they're hearing it.
Well, there's a lot.
I'd say 75%.
But we're excited that you come, and they want to know what's coming.
People are curious.
So, let's take our communion and enter in.
This is how we do it: we always put Him first, that He would increase and we decrease.
Yes, we have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
It's all about him, folks, and what he did.
And without him, I can't do any of this.
It's all about Jesus today.
And I want to always emphasize that you realize that it's his gift on me, it's not my gift.
He put the gift on me, Brandon Biggs, to see into the things that are coming.
But he can put it on anybody he wants to.
He can do whatever he wants to.
He controls it all.
And I want to always tell you that I attract to deflect.
It's all about him.
We give him the glory for all of it.
And as long as you do that, as long as you keep him first, he'll use you.
He'll not share his glory with anybody.
Everybody says, "Well, Brandon's so great.
" All of a sudden, Brandon is not great.
He is great.
And when you look at him and look at how great he is, he's the one that makes me shine for just that moment.
And it makes you go, "Brandon's cool," but what you really don't realize is that I'm just as stinky as some of you are, you know.
When I was talking, the spirit of the Lord hit me really hard and I couldn't talk.
It's so important.
The most important thing that I can tell you is that we have the treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power will be known of him and not of us.
As long as you keep attracting and deflecting, you'll make it just fine.
As long as you keep yourself underneath that blood and underneath that mercy seat, saying, "God, it's all about you," he'll use you.
I learned when I was cleaning those bathrooms time and time again, he said, "Brandon, always stay small in your own eyes and never forget where I brought you.
" When you've gone through what we've been through, you don't forget it because the refining was so hard.
And there's so much that I go through that I'll never tell you even now.
I would hear Billy Burke always say and Kathryn Kuhlman, "It costs so much.
" And I was praying, I said, "Lord, the price is very high, but it's worth it.
" Father, we just lift up this body before you.
And we thank you, Lord, that you died for us.
And we want so much, Father, for this to become so real to us that it's not a religious act, that it's an act of worship and friendship.
We're not just doing this because it looks spiritually good, or well, you know, we took communion today and I put my time card in, but I take it, Father, because it means something to me.
I thank you, Father, for all that you did, that we're healed and we're whole by your stripes, that you really did do all that you said you did for us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's real to me.
This is real to me.
It's not Catholic, it's not Episcopalian, it's not charismatic, it's relationship.
It represents relationship.
And this says so much to me that, Jesus, you paid the price for me.
And I take this body right now, and I thank you, Lord, that I'm healed and whole and well from my testosterone to all of it, that I'm healed and whole and well.
And I thank you, Lord, that my hormones are lined up like what they're supposed to be.
That, Father, you paid the price for me to walk in freedom over that.
And I thank you, Lord, that healing and deliverance is all over my body in Jesus' name concerning it.
In Jesus' name, thank you, Lord.
Lord, over everybody—I'm just saying it for me, you say it for you, whatever you're believing God for.
There's nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for healing over us and the deliverance.
And that, Father, if we confess our sins like we did just a minute ago, you are faithful and just to forgive us.
Now, Lord, I thank you, Lord, that we make much of the blood today.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of us right now, from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We put a bloodline around this house, around me and my eyes, that I'll not be snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I only see what you want me to see, I only hear what you want me to hear.
And I thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the devil.
And we plead the blood, Father, that we have this treasure in that earthen vessel, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that it's not about us, it's all about you.
And we give you praise and glory and honor.
And we plead the blood over our houses, over our finances, over everything we put our hands to prospering.
And we say, Father, the best is yet to come in Jesus' name, amen.
That was a little different, but it's just from the heart.
Folks, you don't understand how much he loves you.
He loves you.
You know, and everybody tries to make it so religious.
It's not religious, it's just relationship.
Thank you, Lord.
You go, "Well, that's way weird from what I did at the Catholic Church," but it's just from the heart.
I take the blood, Father, I take it in remembrance of what you did for me.
I take the body and what you did for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered, and I plead the blood over us.
And so, I never enter into prayer without taking communion first like that, always putting him first because we're going into his throne room.
It's so important that you all know that you're going to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
And in the old covenant, they had to sacrifice so many animals, the priests would do it just to enter into the Holy of Holies.
If they did, they had to tie that rope around their ankle, and if they didn't hear the bell going off, that meant the priest was dead and they had to drag him out because he wasn't pure.
So here he is, going in there.
They had to kill all these animals and get themselves right before the Lord.
And the glory was there so strong, he got burned up.
But yet we enter in so freely because of Jesus' blood and what he did for us at that mercy seat.
You don't realize that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's no longer living in a temple, he's living in you, he's living in us.
But I make it right just by taking communion.
I'm like, "Man, Lord, you're so good to me.
" Don't take for granted what happened on that cross that day when he set you free.
So many priests look at it as seemingly so insignificant.
What it represents is not.
But this is something so holy, and yet he did all of it for us to walk in freedom.
And we don't have to kill a fatted calf, we don't have to kill a goat, we don't have to kill a sheep.
We don't have to do anything to enter in and ask him to forgive our sins so we can enter because blood had to be shed.
The blood covers a multitude of sins, his grace does.
But you have to realize Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory, and you never want to take for granted what he did for us.
We don't have to sacrifice any animal and have bloodshed because of the sin we've committed to say, "Hey, can I just talk to you for a little bit?
Can I just have a question about my car?
It's broken today.
I just have a question about some cooking or something.
" You can talk to him about anything.
He's not up there going, "Well, you know, it's not something religious, so I'm not talking to you today.
I don't want to talk about football.
I don't want to talk about your problems unless you're going to tell me a whole bunch of scriptures with it.
I'm really busy.
" He said, "Come boldly into the throne of grace where you obtain favor.
" Do you understand?
You have favor.
He's looking for you.
He says, "Welcome home, son.
I'm so excited you're here.
Where have you been?
" I know it's just been 30 ago, but I'm so excited to have you here again.
Most people don't realize that he's a father who wants to have a closer relationship with you than what you want with him.
And most people are up there going, 'Well, does God really want to talk to me?
' You have no idea.
He wants to have a relationship with every single one of you, but you've let religion talk you out of it.
You've let the devil talk you out of it, and you think, 'He doesn't talk to me, Brandon.
' You know how many times I hear that?
'He doesn't talk to me.
' Well, I don't believe you because the Bible says, 'My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' So I believe the Bible more than I believe you.
And if you are his, you're going to hear him.
You've just got to practice being still.
I heard Billy Burke say this.
He said, 'I want you to think of an Elvis Presley song right now.
Be quiet.
Can you hear his voice?
' And he's playing the Elvis Presley.
'What song do you want to play?
A Ray Charles song in your head right now or something?
Can you hear him singing it?
' How come you can hear it inside of you?
Because you're familiar with it.
You've listened to that Elvis Presley song.
You know Elvis Presley's voice because you spent time listening to it.
And the more you spent time listening to Elvis Presley, the louder it became, and you don't even need to have it played anymore.
You know what Elvis Presley sounds like, right?
And you can pick his voice out of everybody else.
You go, 'That's Elvis Presley.
' Why?
Because you spent time listening to it, or whoever your favorite artist is.
It's the same thing.
The more you spend time listening, staying quiet, and worshiping, the more you're going to know your Father's voice.
But if you only visit there and you've never listened to it, you're not going to be familiar with it.
But you can pick Elvis Presley's voice out.
I can listen to it right now.
Oh, glory.
Hallelujah.
Seriously, it's loud.
Yes, and that's the way he wants to be with you: loud.
And you say, 'Brandon, how do you hear him that way?
' I spend time.
I ain't nothing special.
I'm just like you all.
I'm just one of the kids.
But I chose to sit at his feet and listen.
Braden, Diana, all of us have the ability to hear the Father talk, but it's how much you spend talking to him over the years and you develop that relationship.
So I want you to know that Billy Burke and all of us, how it all starts is everybody has seven days a week, 24 hours in a day.
But what do you do with it?
I can assure you there's a lot of times I do a lot different than what you do.
It's just choices.
What's your choice?
'If I could just sit in prayer with you a while.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with you a while.
If you could just hold me, Father.
' I just thank you, Lord.
I believe in miracles, Father, because I believe in God.
I thank you, Father.
I've seen the soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I've seen a soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Hallelujah.
There's glory all around, and all who see must stand in awe of miracles abound.
I love that song.
There's such a sweet presence here today.
I believe in miracles.
I want you to believe for your miracle today as I sing to you.
You just receive it.
I've seen a soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Oh Lord, we worship you.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Oh Lord, we worship you.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We magnify you, Father.
What's on your heart today?
What is that about?
I just went to New York, and I'm at David Wilkerson's church.
I see David Wilkerson—Dave Wilkerson, you know, the man with the glasses.
I see him.
I see his face.
It's very clear who I'm looking at right now.
And I know he's gone home to be with the Lord, but it's what he said.
The Lord says, 'It's what he said.
' He gave words.
He gave words about New York.
A shaking.
There's things being discussed right now, decisions again about this man, about New York, liberty and what it represents.
But there's smoke around her, and there's fire in the cities.
What in the world?
Why is all that going on?
I see fires all in the city, in New York.
I'll keep saying that, but the vision is stuck right there.
And there are clouds of smoke around the Empire State Building, but it's thick black smoke.
I hear sirens—fire trucks, police cars, ambulances.
Monday, about Mario.
I see fires deliberately set, an attack.
It's an attack with vans and cars, like the stuff we saw them talking about.
There's more of this.
I see fires on buildings, fires burning up landmarks, burning up buildings.
This is like four-alarm fires being deliberately set.
This is a terrorist attack.
It's causing fear.
I see the people, and it's all over TV.
I see the Statue of Liberty, and there's smoke around the Statue of Liberty.
It's not on fire, but there's fire smoke around the Statue of Liberty.
The Lord says, 'Be specific in this.
' It's all in the air.
There are so many fires, so much of this retaliation.
There's something that's happened.
I see stores on fire.
There is a great shaking coming to New York.
He said, 'Remember what happened in Los Angeles.
As you choose a reprobate mind to lead you, for seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
But as you sow into this blue and into this corruption, as you sow into it by your vote, you open the door for this.
There's great terrorist activity.
This is a beginning of what you've sowed into with your ballot, with your vote.
As you sow into this, you'll reap what you've sowed into, for the very ground you sow into will produce what you've sowed into it.
This is why it's so important you sow into good soil.
This is your seed sowing into the ballot as an American citizen, and you sowed into this.
Same with what happened in California.
There's no water in the fountains to put out the fire.
These houses burned down, all this stuff.
Now there's something coming to New York: fires, a great shaking.
It's all over the world.
Everybody's talking about it, and it's dark.
There's no lights on at night.
Mass migration.
I told you before, a mass migration.
A great fleeing of this place.
They'll say it's a cesspool.
Watch.
The rich are fleeing.
They say, "Well, you tax us, you do these things, we'll just go establish ourselves somewhere else.
" And I see people uprooting and they're leaving.
They have a choice.
All the people that are there, the Lord said, are corrupt.
There's corruption in this.
But there's a lesser of two.
There's a lesser of evil.
One is completely like...
but they're all corrupt.
Oh, Lord's people, these events will not be on the scale of 9/11.
They'll not be on the scale of 9/11, but things that we will see will be shaking in these areas up here.
A shaking, and this where I see Boston is highlighted to me.
I see David Wilkerson's face and there's judgment coming.
A shaking of New York City.
It'll be like a cesspool.
But then I'm looking and I'm transferred to Miami.
And I see corruption around Miami.
And the leaders of Miami are bolded out to me.
Boston, Miami, New York.
And you say, "Well, that's a red state," but there's something about Miami.
We thank you, Lord.
We worship you.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was and is and is to come.
We sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing glory to your name.
I see it now.
It's interesting.
I want to teach you something.
Instantaneously, when it's pulling me out of the vision because of distractions around me, and then whenever I started worshiping again it pushed me right in the flow—the gifts and the callings of God.
When you worship the Father, it puts you back in the flow.
You must learn to create an atmosphere with praise.
When occultic things are trying to take over outside, He said, "Learn to praise me and learn to change the atmosphere when they try to come against you when you're doing what you're doing right now.
" And I saw in the spirit realm things were happening out there you don't know about.
And then all of a sudden He said, "Stop.
I'm teaching you something now.
Worship.
" And the worship changes the atmosphere back again to get in a flow with the gift.
I give glory to your name, oh Lord.
Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name.
Oh, hallelujah.
I'm seeing it.
Oh Lord, glory to your name, Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Now I give glory to your name, oh Lord.
Glory to your name, oh Lord.
I'm parked around October 31st and I see in this darkness during this timeframe during this week there's darkness there and I see baseball.
I see baseball and I can't tell you what team it is.
The Lord said, "Don't tell them what team that is.
" That's the World Series.
"Don't tell them what team it is.
" Isn't that funny how I didn't realize...
It's funny because I knew what He was saying right then.
He said, "Don't tell them what team that is.
" I said, because I saw these teams playing and I was going to say it and the Lord said, "Don't say that because these people going to gamble on it.
" And the Lord said, "Don't you say that.
" Oh Lord, you're so good.
I love you.
The very atmosphere is changing.
The urgency of the atmosphere is changing.
I'm in October.
There's an urgency in the atmosphere changing.
I see a dark cloud over the month of October.
As you leave September from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, you'll see that it's the 21st, but I'm telling you from Yom Kippur, it's in October.
There's this timeframe from here to here.
It's in that timeframe.
There's a great shifting in the atmosphere.
And I see October and it's highlighted.
But the shifting in the atmosphere, the urgency, the hour, the birthing pains will increase, things are going to increase.
It's highlighted around from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
It's around this timeframe, the birthing pains.
But I'm seeing going into October and I see around baseball and I'm looking at the baseball.
I see the cold air setting in.
I see cold air starting to set in up north.
"Well, Brandon, that does that every time.
" But there's purple in the air.
There's something with the spiritual atmosphere.
There's a changing of the tide.
There's changing of things, an urgency of the hour.
This is Antichrist.
Lord, He said, "Brandon, just pray into it.
" That's what He just said.
He said, "Brandon, pray into it.
" He said, "It's not forced.
Rise up above it.
Come up higher with this.
" He said, "Push against it.
It doesn't have right to stay there.
I have my revival.
Push against it.
" Oh, the glory, the glory!
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
Greater is He that is in us.
The greater one.
What about shadow?
President Trump is highlighted before me.
And I see the White House really clear right now, and he's praying for his health.
"Pray for his health, Brandon.
Pray for him.
The enemy is trying to take him down.
And you must intercede for him to lift his hands up to finish this.
" There's a lot of people say, "Well, isn't he...
do you think he's the Antichrist?
" No, he's not the Antichrist.
No, it's foolishness.
These people need to read their Bibles.
It's so much foolishness.
And they try to link things up because they try to play like they're scholars and they're ignorant.
And the Lord said, "This is not the Antichrist.
I'm using him to bring forth the end-time system.
I'm using him.
Pray for him.
" Yes, he's been under great attack from the Luciferian people.
They're attacking his health.
They're attacking his marriage.
They're attacking his children.
They're attacking his stuff.
This is what the Lord said: the Kennedy curse.
"They're trying to take him down.
Son, you must stand on the wall and pray for this man.
Call for prayer.
" And so we lift up President Trump before you.
We lift up his wife.
We lift up his marriage.
We lift up the decisions that are being made right now, and we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over him.
That he would live long and finish strong.
That he would finish what he's called to do and be strong doing it.
We pray over his legs and over his body, and we call him healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hand off of him.
He'll finish what he's called to do and he'll do it with great victory.
We plead the blood all around President Trump right now and over Melania and over their marriage.
I pray over their marriage.
I see their marriage has had some things.
We've got to pray for their marriage.
We pray over their marriage right now in the name of Jesus, no arrangements.
There's things there.
We call mending of things.
We call a mending of hearts.
Their business transaction, calling peace in the midst of the storms.
I pray peace in the midst of that storm.
Mending, mending of hearts, mending of things.
Over the children, I pray peace and a comfort.
And I call over Don Jr.
and over Eric and over the girls.
Father, I pray over Ivanka and over the children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Tiffany.
I thank you, Lord, for the children, Father.
And I pray a protection around and about them.
But as I'm seeing, I see that the White House is lit up, and there's lights on inside of the White House, but there is a dark, heavy, demonic-looking fog that's over the top of that White House, and it's trying to set in.
And then this demonic—I see it's purples and grays and all this demonic—and it's trying to set in over that White House.
And Lord, pray over this.
Pray over him.
It's trying to stop him.
This is a demonic assignment.
There's more to it about his heart, about praying over his circulation, praying over the circulation, over his blood flow, over his veins, a calcification.
I hear the word calcification, a hardening of arteries, the skin and the blood flow, and it's pliable.
I see his legs, I see his hands, I see his heart.
A calcification plaque—it's an attack against his circulatory system of blood, his blood flow, but it's all about the heart, an attack against the heart.
We pray against any kind of demonic attack against him.
We pray over his heart, we pray over his mind, we pray against strokes from stress and pressure over his arteries.
We say the plaque is removed in the name of Jesus, and he will live long and finish strong.
We pray over his marriage, we pray over his body in the name of Jesus, and we say he's healed and whole and well, and he will live long and finish strong.
As I'm looking in over that right now, over the White House, I see the lights are on in the White House.
It's bright inside that White House, but there's great darkness on the outside of there.
And there is a demonic storm over that outside.
And now I see Israel.
And there's the same thing over Israel, over Benjamin Netanyahu's house and the decisions that are being made concerning the Antichrist and the end times.
It's over Israel.
These two are making strategic plans to push forth the end times.
You hear me?
These two men and the decisions they're making will push forth the end times and where we are as the church and as we are in the end times.
Two strategic people and the decisions that are being made.
I see the Wailing Wall, and I see Benjamin at the Wailing Wall.
I see there's—this is about prayer.
I see Kennedy's face, John Kennedy, the one that was taken out, JFK.
I see JFK's face right now.
I see the black limo right now.
I see JFK very strong right now.
And now I'm taken to Cuba again, and I'm seeing the Cuban missile crisis.
And it's big.
I see missiles.
I see the Cuban missile crisis.
Amen.
Kennedy.
I see Don Jr.
very strong right now.
Go to my heart memorial.
I see Iran.
We'll touch what is important to him.
No, oh, I see fallen people in Iran's army that are passed and they're gone.
And I see their faces on these signs, and they're turning pale white and they're falling down, and they have army uniforms on and they're burning.
There's fire on these men and they're burning.
They're in hell; these men are in hell.
I see this man, he's in hell.
I tell you what I say, and then I see Don Jr.
, and he looks like the man on the portrait.
And he's turning white like that, and he's pulling down, the color is pulling down, the white is pulling down.
It looks like a ghost is pulling down on his picture, just like it was.
And then the fire started coming up around that man in that picture in Iran—I see fire on this picture coming up around him, but that picture is burning.
And I see Don Jr.
, and he's outlined in this old wooden frame, but it's a beautiful wooden frame like it would be in a palace, like a portrait, like an oil-based painting.
And on this oil-based painting with a wooden frame, I see John Jr.
and his face is fading out like you see on Back to the Future when the picture fades.
Now I see Kai again.
I see Kai's face and she's crying, and she's weeping.
We pray a hedge around and about his kids.
We pray a hedge around and about Don Jr.
, we pray around Eric, we pray around the family.
He has a white tux shirt on, a white-looking formal shirt on, and he has a black jacket on.
And he has in his chest—I told him Rose.
Now I see the man that went down in the plane crash, and it was Kennedy's son.
I see his son and I see his face before me.
He had black hair, you know, this man had dark hair.
I don't know why—it's not a plane crash that I'm seeing about Don Jr.
This is a shot.
This is somebody did something.
He's in a formal event, and it is right here, and it's red on there, and I could see him.
We pray for his soul today.
Lord, say he don't know me like that.
You know, there's never been a heart thing—a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus today, sold out.
We pray over October, we pray over the month of October concerning things.
We pray this darkness over the White House, this darkness trying to set in over the White House—a depression, a sadness, a darkness over the White House, a sadness.
It's all circling around September.
I see September, a time to remember.
I see a day of sadness.
I see days—I see a day.
say it will be around the whole thing.
I see the cry.
As a nation, I see a cry, I see a travail.
I see people crying over this, a very, very sad day.
I see Melania, and she's wearing black.
Melania is wearing all black.
I see Trump, and he's wearing all black.
There's black on him—I don't ever see him wear black.
And she has like a black net around her face, and she has black sunglasses on and a black hat on.
It looks like pantyhose on her face, and she's wearing black glasses and a black hat.
I see a black dress on, and I see Trump, and he's wearing a black thing, and he's barely moving, moving slow.
And I see Barron, and he's wearing a black suit with a black tie and a white shirt.
Barron is wearing a black...
I see a church.
It looks like the same church that they went to during the inauguration.
It looks like that kind of church.
This is what could be.
This is what he said: 'This is what you're seeing, what could be.
I show you what could be.
Pray.
' I see across the nation; I see people crying across the nation.
He said, 'Pray.
This is why I've called you to pray.
This is what could be.
What will you do about it?
They have a plan.
Use your...
and take a stand.
It's time to take a stand, old church.
It's time to take a stand.
' He's talking about Biden, too, and Biden's about to go home.
I see Biden going home.
I see these things.
But this is not about Biden.
This is about Don Jr.
We're praying over him.
He's protected, and we pray over his life.
We pray over the children, and especially Don Jr.
and Eric.
But Eric's in the background of it, and I see Don at the front.
It's about the men, even Barron.
Praying over Barron, praying over the men of the family.
The women are in the background, but the men—it's the men.
Yep, the men: Barron, Eric, and Don, but Don is first, praying over this man.
So, what are you going to do about it?
Change it.
Well, we just rejoice that it's done, that he's protected.
As we prayed today, we've changed things.
We put a hedge around and about him, and no weapon formed against him will prosper.
That's what we stand on, and that's what our assignment was today.
We're praying over that.
Isn't that interesting how much a demonic presence was going, and all of a sudden the Lord said, 'You don't know, this is what you're praying against.
This is what's coming against it.
' And that was so much for us, Diana, privately, what we talk about, but I'm just saying, now we get it, now I get it more.
The enemy doesn't want him to finish his race, but Don Jr.
has a greater place.
Do you understand?
Don Jr.
has a greater place in the future.
There's something there, and he's circled, Don Jr.
He's being groomed.
There's things that are happening with Don Jr.
God wants to radically save this man.
But things are being said.
I need you to hear me.
Things are being said, and I'm outside of the White House, and I'm seeing the courtyard there, and there's things that are being said.
There are spirits that are stationed to listen about plans that are being set in motion to try to combat it, and they don't realize how powerful their words are, and what they're saying, and what they're plotting, and what they're planning for the future.
And because of this, there's 'critters', is what I'll call them, that are watchmen on the demonic side, reporting back to try to take a divide, try to stop it.
This is the occult because they just want America to go down.
The Luciferians are trying to take America down.
Pray over his marriage.
Pray over Trump and Melania's marriage.
Pray over their marriage more and more.
There's an attack there.
Pray over their marriage.
I'm asking you all.
I can't do it all.
You know, we're a family, but pray over the marriage, pray over the children, pray over this, and then pray over his health.
And these are the assignments right here, for wisdom to keep on him, and then over Bibi.
There's more there about Bibi and praying over this relationship, and this is what's pushing this forth to go to the end times level, another level, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
The Lord said, 'Even the judges.
' I just heard that.
'Even the judges.
' Amy Coney.
Amy Coney Barrett.
Coney?
Is it Coney Barrett?
Coney Barrett, the lady.
Praying over the softness of her heart.
There's big decisions that will need her to make the votes.
We pray a softness of her heart because the enemy would try to harden her heart to get her to divide things.
And the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, we pray a softness over her heart that she would decide and go on righteous ways because she is going to be a deciding vote.
' I see her face highlighted, and I said, 'You must pray for her heart to be softening, to go into what she used to be, to be what she used to be, what she said she was.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, for the releasing of your Holy Spirit on people's hearts, their minds, their wills, and emotions, that you work on them.
Holy Spirit, you're the great fixer, and I thank you, Lord.
Even Judge Torres, we call the decisions made and the blockage, the hose to be unkinked, and we call things to double, triple, and quadruple in the name of Jesus.
We say it's time now.
Let the money go.
Let it go.
And we pray over Judge Torres and all the decisions, and we say this is done now in Jesus' name.
Yes.
And, and the things, the three men, let it go now in Jesus' name.
I say, oh, I just saw it just goes digital.
That's interesting.
Instantaneous, digital, digital.
We thank you, Lord.
There's more in store than what you see.
That's what he just said.
'There's more in store than what you see with the natural eye, with the wealth transfer.
You've got to tap into the greater rivers.
' You've got to tap into the greater rivers.
You're only seeing the surface of this new industrial revolution.
You must tap into greater sources.
AI.
This is the new frontier.
There's greater wealth here.?
Don't think so.
Surface.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Well, praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
I feel that's a good place to stop today.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you praying for me.
I'm learning, and there's some things that you all didn't see that I had to learn today.
And it's like, glory to God.
You know, His mercy is new every morning, folks, even towards me, and I'm learning.
Glory to Jesus.
And He's showing things about things to come.
So, we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
If you could do us a favor: click the like button, subscribe, click the notification bell.
I'm still pretty heavy with the anointing on me, so my mind—I'm trying to make it go 'woo' because I'm still in intercessory mode—but I need a break.
I appreciate you all being here, I truly do.
Thank you for being here, thank you for subscribing, thank you for clicking the notification bell.
And the best is yet to come, folks.
I'm just so grateful for every single one of you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.